After the ceremony we had the wedding breakfast. It was you and me and steak and everybody else had...
but they said the chicken was lovely, didn't they? And there was one guest who the remotes were brilliant
and they looked because I had it all down for him and gave him ice cream.
Then you had different pudding, everybody else had profiteroles and the starter was...
Did you feel any different having now become married? Did it feel like a relationship? Did it feel different in any way?
I don't know if grateful is the right word but because of all the obstacles we faced, to be honest, it felt a relief.
But that was purely because a lot of people would say, well, of course we would jilt, of course we'd be lying if we said we weren't,
because of course we were over the moon. But there was also that element of relief as well because we never thought we'd get there.
And it was such an uphill struggle. But we smashed them all out of the park, didn't we?
We did.